okay hear me out you know what would be
cool movie night but in the pool like
outside like with a projector yeah this
feels like when you asked me to put a TV
in the bedroom you begged for years and
you used it one time so just make a
video if they can find a sponsor I'll do
it they're not going to find a sponsor I
found a sponsor what
a okay fine but if we're going to do
this I'm doing it my way sick movie
watching experience but easy to deploy
and tear down and tuck away for when my
family inevitably doesn't flipping use
it and we're going to do it with the C2
Ultra 4K projector from high sense and
my world class team of helpers that's me
no extra holes no promises do you want
to drill the holes I do not trust myself
why do you always sound surprised with
these things come on let's go
after I was assigned to this video my
first task was to actually figure out
more details from ion how big of a
screen does she want how important is
sound you know that kind of thing and
oh too late now that we're committed
then we need to come up with a plan for
where all of this is getting mounted we
were originally thinking hot tub viewing
but that limits the number of people who
can watch and realistically you can't
hang out in the hot tub for an hour and
a half at at a time so instead of
mounting the screen here we settled on
the longer beam right over here except
looking at it now I think that's
actually really stupid and we should
probably put it on that one why because
you could totally see this from the
shallow end of the pool anyway yeah but
you want to be in the deep end why Jaws
the experience of Jaws I've never seen
you have never seen realistically we
could put it anywhere we want though
because it actually reaches 300 in in
size thanks to its 3,000 lumens now to
be clear that's not enough for daylight
viewing but as we make our way into the
evening it's going to make a big
difference to the perceived contrast the
screen was actually really difficult to
find mainly cuz I was looking for two
key things one of Avon's
requirements was that it needed to be a
drop- down screen so that way it could
be moved out of the way whenever she
wanted it and the other one was a rear
projection screen cuz I don't want the
projector in the pool right or out in
the rain you guys might have noticed we
live in Vancouver our weather isn't
always
wait it's powered yeah why'd you get a
powered one well I cuz you know you can
hit a button and it goes up and down
yeah but then we have to wire it up yeah
you you you got power right there dude I
know you follow evon's requirements what
about my requirements your requirements
was a sponsor and thankfully Elite
screens sent this over they recommended
the 100 in so that it's big enough for
movie enjoyment but not so big that we
lose some of that brightness from going
too far back okay so just uh roll it up
put it on the tip then unroll it I'm
working did you not attend sex ed claz I
just can't believe yard Master is an
actual line of projector screens and
this is longer than a yard what's a yard
a meter it's an American meter question
for you have you given any thought to
how we're going to handle power for now
both the projector and the screen yeah
you have an extension cord and then I
have a power bar oh okay I have thought
about it not much but a bit why don't
you go ahead and run that and then I'm
going to go take a look at the projector
sounds good inside the Box we find the
remote complete with oh probably the app
shortcuts you would actually use as well
as a power cable and the star of the
show The C2 Ultra the mount swivels and
tilts giving you a ton of Versatility
and it even has a/4 20-in threaded hole
on the bottom if you wanted
to ceiling mounted or put it on a light
stand or whatever the case may be or if
you don't want to mount it you can pick
it up and move it to any room in your
house and the auto keystoning you'll see
in a second we'll fix that
[Music]
here we go theoretically it should look
pretty good it uses high sense this pure
tricolor laser which is a fancy way of
saying that it uses three laser lights
and then combines them before they shoot
out the lens this contributes to a
brighter picture than conventional lamp
projectors and even than some single
laser Ones high sense also boasts much
better color accuracy with a Delta e of
about 0.9 oh here we go oh I love that
Auto Image correction with cameras on
the front oh I probably shouldn't do
that with the Keystone done you can see
it's doing autofocus now and having a
look at the io it's pretty solid they've
got two HDMI ports including one with E
and some USB ports for media file
playback naturally we're going to be
streaming most of our media so let's go
ahead and get logged in and fire
something up have you come down to check
on your completely impractical project
no is it cool I don't know you tell me
this is really small
let it never be said that I've never
done anything for love using just
whatever magnets Linus had left we
actually took the cable red along here
underneath the floor mat and all the way
up to here but now I need to mount the
screen so I know actually where that
cable is coming out which is why We've
Ended it here for now but I don't know
it looks looks pretty slick dude this
looks pretty good and the brightness is
apparently at
50 that is really not making much
difference let's put it back to 50 oh
here we go it's cranked this might be
kind of usable Elijah yeah they also
partnered with Dolby and IMAX for Dolby
vision and IMAX enhanced certification
employee movie nights let's go you don't
want to sit in the pool I will fight you
on this you got an ear infection last
time you swam in the pool maybe clean
your pool my pool was clean yeah I just
didn't to get the water out your ear was
dirty wow you did a really good job of
that the cable management while we were
in there why do you always sound
surprised with these
things best part about modern cases take
this off please do not tell lonus I put
like five extra holes in someone's wall
what and it meets my requirement of
being able to be tucked away easily
because it's all using our magnetic
Cable Management stuff heck yeah boop
boop sick um I couldn't help noticing
you didn't finish though well we need to
mount the screen cuz I don't know where
the cable comes out of that screen to be
able to route to that point got
it I'm fine okay I don't know my hand
was there why is there a camera here
well we need two angles for later when
we're in the pool relaxing we're not
going in the pool today are we it's a
pool movie theater we have to test it
it's cold and raining well you're not
going to notice the rain cuz you're in
the pool you know it's not heat this
time of year right turn the computers on
isn't that how you heat
it I think we're ready to drill some
holes um there you go there's one well I
mean you got to no dud you got to check
the size I'm aware sir I just gave you
you're aware sir what you turn into you
like wear a suit at the full moon oh
awar sir do you want to hold the
projector or do you want to drill the
holes I'm holding the projector screen
cuz I do not trust myself good answer uh
okay so like there sure wait did you
measure it what do you mean like did you
get a measuring tape like do you
actually know or are you just I was
eyeballing it no we're not eyeballing oh
my goodness 362 so that's 181 181 is our
Mark and then conveniently there's a
little Thumbtack in here from putting up
decorations for some birthday party so
I'm just going to use that as our Center
Mark well that's not 181 I know so I'm
going to move it okay we're going to go
right
uh hold on let's see it needs to go all
the way up I'm going for it
a I mean good is a really really strong
word to describe what that is but you
think we can get the other side up there
I'm working on it I'm working here this
is really bad this is very bad Elijah
we're going to have an extra
hole and it wasn't me okay hold on okay
just let it down let it down we're going
to you know what we're going to go for
gold
here at least it's kind of
level it's fine the auto keystoning will
fix it that's not how that works
okay we ready look at that here we go
boys I think it might need to be turned
around Elijah you know what no this
makes sense no this makes sense because
the facing on this is this way I was
just going to say so this has got to be
it okay we're good we got it we have to
cuz if you were going to wall mount it
this is on the side you would wall mount
it yeah and then you would see the yeah
we're I'm pretty sure this is right
Elite if we got it
wrong send me an email now I really
don't know if I want to commit to
mounting this projector up there yet I
think I need to see it in action first
so for now I'm just going to use that
quarter 20 Mount and throw on a tripod
that might actually be
usable no way this is pretty sick it's
not even that dark out right now could
you imagine like in the summer super
late at night pitch blackout we
definitely don't have it perfectly
leveled no no no there's still alignment
things to do okay one sec okay I think
we can adjust this Elijah move it a
little farther away oh here we go oh
nice uh okay I definitely need it bigger
there's a little bit of water stop don't
touch it there's water don't touch it
there's
water don't touch it this might be
usable I'm so happy do you want to get
in the pool and test well get in the
pool we haven't even set up the audio
yet oh yeah but we wanted to test the
speakers that are included it's got 2.1
that whole base is a sub I don't think I
need to be in the pool for that okay
what am I trying to do again crab Rave
no I'm trying to change the language and
location Germany yeah there's your
problem right there I said it so no one
could docks you uh yeah wait Canada's
not even an option hi sense sense the
United States is not oh we must have
gotten a Euro model okay I don't know
whatever we're in the
UK I mean we could set up speakers yeah
but this is only Center Channel we want
suround what was your plan exactly I saw
a receiver there were you going to like
ceiling mount that or like what did you
think this through yeah it's easy to
roll up and pack away so we'll just put
it on a
chair and then we'll cut speaker wire
for speakers that I bought off Facebook
Marketplace we'll just drag them in the
yard I thought this through I probably
should have expected that he wouldn't
want to go with the speaker route that's
not really easy to pull out and easy to
put away you know especially a big sub
like this um but I also didn't expect
him to actually get in the pool so I
guess I actually need to get to
inflating the pool floaties I bought I
bought four of them oh man the rain is
really coming down are you sure this is
a good idea Elijah 100%
confident oh good oh great we put it
over there well you can get in from the
ladder it's so cold this is so
unpleasant dude no no you're going to
like it once you use it no I come back
there's a hole in the Middle where your
butt gets in the water
no I'm not coming back to I need the
other one you get your own floaty well
push me push
me not into it how am I supposed to get
it back to you now oh I'll go from the
other side Elijah sorry can you spin me
no how am I supposed to spin
you I see a flaw now okay hold on maybe
if I like stick my foot through the dut
hole I can kind of it's
propellers no no it works Works dude it
works it works oh dude no I'm so
maneuverable now all right oh dude these
have hooks we can hook each other
neutral hooker nice nice now I can pull
you oh now I don't have to do anything
we have the
power dude this is
awesome it actually looks shockingly
[Music]
good oh man normally I'm against like r/
TV too high you know like this would be
too high but I but when you're reclined
this much it's kind of fine does it look
pretty good on camera Andy it's a little
bright it's a little bright it's a
little bright that's actually a good
thing I'm not sure if I can fix that
Andy this is so ridiculous do you want
to try some gaming yeah I guess so no I
want the Alpha seat no I want the alpha
SE I want the Alpha seat you move at
this distance there is a little bit of
input latency on the control
oh that makes sense yeah hold on I'm
working on it I'm working on it yeah get
me closer I'm working on it I can't kill
demons even with like the pool lights on
and stuff it doesn't really bother it I
thought the extra City lighting would
honestly be more but like it's pretty
good
yeah all right Elijah I got to give it
to you it's pretty sick heck all right
thank you for convincing me and thank
you high sense for sending the projector
and sponsoring this video If you guys
enjoyed this video why not go check out
out our coverage of the high sense Booth
back at CES we looked at their 110 in TV
that a little birdie told me I might be
getting a closer look at very soon